Fix #359 - Add support to DSL 1.0.0 (#367)
serverlessworkflow/sdk-java: README.md

# Serverless Workflow Specification - Java SDK

Provides the Java API for the [Serverless Workflow Specification](https://github.com/serverlessworkflow/specification)

With the SDK you can:

* Read workflow JSON and YAML definitions

> * Write workflow in JSON and YAML format. 

Author: For programatically building, I opened issue https://github.com/serverlessworkflow/sdk-java/issues/368
I want to emphasize we have writing utilities now, rather than generic utilities which I do not think will be needed with the new DSL.

# Serverless Workflow Specification - Java SDK

Provides the Java API for the [Serverless Workflow Specification](https://github.com/serverlessworkflow/specification)

With the SDK you can:

* Read workflow JSON and YAML definitions
* Write workflow in JSON and YAML format. 

Serverless Workflow Java SDK is **not** a workflow runtime implementation but can be used by Java runtime implementations to parse workflow definitions.

### Status

| Latest Releases | Conformance to spec version |
| :---: | :---: |

> | [7.0.0.Final](https://github.com/serverlessworkflow/sdk-java/releases/tag/7.0.0.Final) | [v0.10](https://github.com/serverlessworkflow/specification/tree/0.10.x) |

Reviewer: It's 1.0.0

Author: You mean replacing 0.10.x by 1.0.x?

| [5.0.0.Final](https://github.com/serverlessworkflow/sdk-java/releases/tag/5.0.0.Final) | [v0.8](https://github.com/serverlessworkflow/specification/tree/0.8.x) |
| [4.0.5.Final](https://github.com/serverlessworkflow/sdk-java/releases/tag/4.0.5.Final) | [v0.8](https://github.com/serverlessworkflow/specification/tree/0.8.x) |
| [3.0.0.Final](https://github.com/serverlessworkflow/sdk-java/releases/tag/3.0.0.Final) | [v0.7](https://github.com/serverlessworkflow/specification/tree/0.7.x) |
| [2.0.0.Final](https://github.com/serverlessworkflow/sdk-java/releases/tag/2.0.0.Final) | [v0.6](https://github.com/serverlessworkflow/specification/tree/0.6.x) |
| [1.0.3.Final](https://github.com/serverlessworkflow/sdk-java/releases/tag/1.0.3.Final) | [v0.5](https://github.com/serverlessworkflow/specification/tree/0.5.x) |

> Note that 6.0.0.Final, which will be the one for specification version 0.9, is skipped intentionally in case someone want to work on it. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that `6.0.0.Final`, which will be the one for specification version 0.9, is skipped intentionally in case the community expresses intentions to work on it. 
```
